README.md, before:

# Leaf C Project Template

___version:___ 0.9.4.29-rc1

A generic template for making cleanly organized C projects; lightly inspired by the GNU Coding Standards and various other resources.


## Building the Program using GNU Make

```
$ make build
# make install
```

## Project Files

| File | Description |
|:-----|-----------|
| VERSION | Contains program's name, version, and licensing information |
| Makefile | GNU Makefile used to build and install the program |
| source/example/\* | Hello World Example program sources |
| source/template/main.c | Template main source file |
| source/template/template.c | Template source file |
| source/tempalte/template.h | Template header file |


## License

Copyright 2023 Sage I. Hendricks   

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");  
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  
You may obtain a copy of the License at  

[//]: # ( add 4 unit "tab" )
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>  

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software  
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,  
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and  
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

wrote 2 scripts to make installing on windows (msys) easier, also added gtks generic hello world program

README.md, after:

# Learning GTK with C

___version:___ 0.1.0.1-dev

A couple of small applications to play arround and learn the basics of GTK using the C programming language.


<!--
## Building the Program using GNU Make

```
$ make build
# make install
```
-->

## Project Files

| File | Description |
|:-----|-----------|
| VERSION | Contains program's name, version, and licensing information |
| Makefile | GNU Makefile used to build and install the program |
| source/example/\* | Hello World Example program sources |
| source/template/main.c | Template main source file |
| source/template/template.c | Template source file |
| source/tempalte/template.h | Template header file |


## License

Copyright 2023 Sage I. Hendricks   

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");  
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  
You may obtain a copy of the License at  

[//]: # ( add 4 unit "tab" )
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>  

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software  
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,  
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and  
limitations under the License.
